Add ND version and site resources (DCNE-179) (#6)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-nd: docs/index.md

---
layout: "nd"
page_title: "Provider: ND"
sidebar_current: "docs-nd-index"
description: |-
  The Cisco ND provider is used to interact with the resources provided by Cisco Nexus Dashboard.
  The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.
---

# Nexus Dashboard (ND)

> Cisco Nexus Dashboard is a central management console for multiple data center sites and a common platform for hosting Cisco data center operation services, such as Nexus Dashboard Insights and Nexus Dashboard Orchestrator. These services are available for all the data center sites and provide real time analytics, visibility, assurance for network policies and operations, as well as policy orchestration for the data center fabrics, such as Cisco ACI or Cisco NDFC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cisco Nexus Dashboard is a central management console for multiple data center sites and a common analytics solution for Cisco data center operations. Nexus Dashboard allows users to manage multiple data center sites and provide real time analytics, visibility, assurance for network policies and operations, as well as policy orchestration for the data center fabrics, such as Cisco ACI or Cisco NDFC or standalone Nexus 9000 switches.
```

# Cisco ND Provider

The Cisco ND terraform provider is used to interact with resources provided by Cisco Nexus Dashboard. The provider needs to be configured with proper credentials to authenticate with Cisco Nexus Dashboard.

## Authentication

> Authentication with user-id and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication with username and password.
```

 
Example:

```hcl
provider "nd" {
  username     = "admin"
  password     = "password"
  url          = "https://my-cisco-nd.com"
  login_domain = "DefaultAuth"
}
```

> In this method, it will obtain an authentication token from Cisco Nexus Dashboard and will use that token to authenticate. A limitation with this approach is Nexus Dashboard counts the request to authenticate and threshold it to avoid DOS attack. After too many attempts this authentication method may fail as the threshold will be exceeded. To avoid the above-mentioned problem Cisco Nexus Dashboard supports signature-based authentication.

Reviewer: Are you sure about this?

## Example Usage

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    nd = {
      source = "ciscodevnet/nd"
    }
  }
}

provider "nd" {
  username = "admin"
  password = "password"
  url      = "https://my-cisco-nd.com"
  insecure = true
}

resource "nd_site" "example" {
  name         = "example"
  username     = "admin"
  password     = "password"
  url          = "10.195.219.154"
  type         = "aci"
  inband_epg   = "test_epg"
  latitude     = "19.36475238603211"
  longitude    = "-155.28865502961474"
  login_domain = "local"
}
```

## Schema

## Required

- `username` (String) Username for the Nexus Dashboard Account.
  - Environment variable: `ND_USERNAME`
- `password` (String) Password for the Nexus Dashboard Account.
  - Environment variable: `ND_PASSWORD`
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco Nexus Dashboard web interface.
  - Environment variable: `ND_URL`

## Optional

- `login_domain` (String) Login domain for the Nexus Dashboard Account.
  - Default: `DefaultAuth`
  - Environment variable: `ND_LOGIN_DOMAIN`
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client.

>   - Default: `true`

Reviewer: I don't think it should be insecure by default.
